SPRAChOO v20 — INTERACTIVE VIDEO TRANSCRIPTS

What is implemented
- Video playback with a transcript panel immediately underneath.
- Highlighting tracks the YouTube player's current time, including seeking and speed changes.
- The time button beside a line seeks to its start and continues playback.
- Follow speech scrolls only the transcript panel, not the whole page. Turn it off to read independently.
- Tapping a word opens a popup above the word when there is room, otherwise below.
- Pause on word tap is on by default. Close and continue explicitly resumes a video that the popup paused; ordinary closing does not unexpectedly restart it.
- Available English/Azerbaijani dictionary meanings, plurals and irregular forms appear instantly.
- Save word and sentence keeps the word, transcript line and source URL in My Vocabulary. These fields are also included in the optional account vocabulary backup.
- Each video's existing five-minute limit remains enforced after seeking. The original provider player, controls and branding stay visible.

IMPORTANT CURRENT CONTENT LIMIT
No timed transcripts were available for the existing video lessons. Published transcript data is therefore intentionally empty. Uploading this version adds the working player and import UI; it does not automatically populate captions for those videos.
YouTube's player API supplies playback time, not a downloadable transcript. The captions-download API requires authorization and permissions for the video. A public video URL is not a guarantee that a separate transcript can be retrieved.
The local dictionary does not cover every possible word or automatically disambiguate every meaning. Missing entries are explicitly labelled and offer manual English/Azerbaijani entry. No live AI translation service has been configured. To supply accurate contextual senses and complete vocabulary coverage for a lesson, add reviewed per-cue glosses in the JSON format below.

USE YOUR SUBTITLE FILE
1. Open the correct video within its level.
2. Expand Use your subtitle file below its transcript panel.
3. Select its German SRT, VTT, or Sprachoo JSON transcript, smaller than 1 MB, with at most 3,000 cues.
4. Press Play video. Highlighting follows the current cue and timestamp buttons replay lines.

Imported files are saved only in this browser and are not uploaded to a server or account backup. A storage warning appears if the browser cannot persist them. Use Remove my transcript to return to the published version. A subtitle file must belong to the exact selected video.
Times use the original FULL video timeline. For an excerpt beginning at 05:00, start times must be around 300 seconds, not reset to zero. Only cues intersecting the selected excerpt are displayed.
For sentence-level highlighting, prepare each cue as a complete sentence. Existing captions with partial sentences highlight their original timed segments; the site does not invent word timings to split them.

PUBLISH A TRANSCRIPT FOR ALL LEARNERS
Edit video-transcripts.js. Add an entry keyed by the exact YouTube ID. Example schema only — the following text and times are illustrative and are not a transcript of any existing video:

const publishedVideoTranscripts = {
  "EXACT_VIDEO_ID": {
    "cues": [
      {
        "start": 1.2,
        "end": 4.8,
        "text": "Meine Mutter kommt morgen.",
        "glosses": {
          "mutter": {
            "de": "die Mutter",
            "en": "mother",
            "az": "ana",
            "plural": "die Mütter"
          },
          "kommt": {
            "de": "kommen",
            "en": "to come",
            "az": "gəlmək",
            "forms": "kommt · kam · ist gekommen"
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
};

For a JSON file imported through the UI, use only the object containing cues, without the const declaration or outer video-ID mapping.
Gloss keys match a displayed word in lowercase German. Glosses take priority over the general dictionary. Every gloss requires de, en and az; plural and forms are optional. Use the sentence to determine the intended sense.
Use original transcripts, appropriately licensed material, or material you have permission to publish. Do not guess captions or timestamps.

TECHNICAL NOTES
- YouTube IFrame API loads only after Play is pressed, over HTTPS. Failure is displayed with an always-available original source link.
- Subtitle markup is converted to plain text and HTML-escaped before rendering.
- Invalid, empty, oversized, nonfinite or reversed cues are rejected. No matching cues in the excerpt also rejects an import.
- Overlapping captions highlight the latest-starting active cue; gaps highlight no line.
- Leaving or rerendering the media view destroys the player, clears its polling timer and ignores stale asynchronous callbacks.
- Follow/pause preferences are browser-local. Imported subtitles are browser-local and currently shared between guest/account sessions on that browser; personal saved words remain account-separated.

VERIFICATION
Simulated tests cover subtitle parsing, malformed files, overlaps/gaps, rendering, escaping, word lookup, contextual overrides, missing entries, saved context/source persistence, account backup preservation, highlight updates on seeks, playback bounds, cleanup, and mocked YouTube ready/replay/late-event behavior. Popup pause, save and explicit resume were exercised with a mock player.
No live external-video playback, visual browser test, or real caption alignment check was performed. Actual media and matching caption files are required for that last check.

Official API references:
https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference
https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/captions/download
